---
layout: default
title: 9/9/2014
categories: [Discovered]
tags: [discovered]
status: published
type: article
published: true
meta:
  _edit_last: '1'

---

##  [SEC Filings](http://ir.homedepot.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=63646&p=irol-SECText&TEXT=aHR0cDovL2FwaS50ZW5rd2l6YXJkLmNvbS9maWxpbmcueG1sP2lwYWdlPTk3OTYwNDImRFNFUT0wJlNFUT0wJlNRREVTQz1TRUNUSU9OX0VOVElSRSZzdWJzaWQ9NTc=)

  >  On September 8, 2014, The Home Depot®, the world's largest home improvement retailer, confirmed that its payment data systems have been breached, which could potentially impact customers using payment cards at its U.S. and Canadian stores. There is no evidence that the breach has impacted stores in Mexico or customers who shopped online at HomeDepot.com.

##  [JSON Web Tokens - jwt.io](http://jwt.io/?)

  >  JSON Web Token (JWT) is a compact URL-safe means of representing claims to be transferred between two parties. The claims in a JWT are encoded as a JSON object that is digitally signed using JSON Web Signature (JWS). 

##  [Microsoft Near Deal to Buy Minecraft - WSJ](http://online.wsj.com/news/article_email/microsoft-near-deal-to-buy-minecraft-1410300213-lMyQjAxMTA0MDAwOTEwNDkyWj)

  >  Microsoft Corp. MSFT +0.62% is in serious discussions to buy Mojang AB, the Swedish company behind the popular "Minecraft" videogame, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

##  [erming/shout](https://github.com/erming/shout)

  >  What is it?Shout is a web IRC client that you host on your own server.What features does it have?Multiple user supportStays connected even when you close the browserConnect from multiple devices at onceResponsive layout — works well on your smartphone.. and more!

##  [Stripe: Apple Pay](https://stripe.com/apple-pay)

  >  Today, we're adding support for Apple Pay. Apple Pay facilitates frictionless credit card payments on iOS devices, eliminating the need for any manual entry by the customer. Credit card details are not stored on the device or by Apple, and payments are authorized with the TouchID sensor.
