---
layout: default
title: 09/21/2015
categories: [Discovered]
tags: [discovered]
status: published
type: article
published: true
meta:
  _edit_last: '1'

---

## [20 Cognitive Biases That Affect Your Decisions](http://mentalfloss.com/article/68705/20-cognitive-biases-affect-your-decisions)

  >  Business Insider recently sifted through a pile of research to create the infographic below, which highlights 20 of the most common cognitive biases that can lead to bad decision-making, including the idea that the more information you have, the more likely you are to make the smartest choice.

##  [Hundreds of iOS Apps Compromised with Malware](http://lifehacker.com/hundreds-of-legitimate-ios-app-store-apps-infected-by-m-1732035828?rev=1442837239322&utm_campaign=socialflow_lifehacker_facebook&utm_source=lifehacker_facebook&utm_medium=socialflow)

  >  The infection occurred when developers downloaded a counterfeit version of the Xcode software—used to develop iOS apps—from a Chinese server because it was faster than the primary US server. The result is that many legitimate app developers unknowingly published applications embedded with malware.

## [Should Medical Care be a Profit Center?](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/21/business/a-huge-overnight-increase-in-a-drugs-price-raises-protests.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&module=second-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)

  >  The drug, called Daraprim, was acquired in August by Turing Pharmaceuticals, a start-up run by a former hedge fund manager. Turing immediately raised the price to $750 a tablet from $13.50, bringing the annual cost of treatment for some patients to hundreds of thousands of dollars.

As a free market and fiscally conservative guy I tend to really fall on the side of business interests. I think we are starting to recognize as a society that much as we had to regulate utilities to preserve the good order of our nation that now we may need to look closely at healthcare. I'm a stringent opposer to the A.C.A. since I felt it was a weak compromise between the two real choices of:

1. Do nothing
2. Single payer

Do we as a society really want to be in the business of placing a price on survival? How much is your life worth? Would you rather be alive and bankrupt or dead and leave an estate?

## [In Android, Long Passwords are Best Passwords](http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/16/technology/android-hack/index.html)

  > Locked phones require a passcode. But there's a way to get around that. Just type in an insanely long password. That overloads the computer, which redirects you to the phone's home screen.

Just W.T.F.
